can I help you
y-yes yes you can I'm here to report a
terrible crime and what terrible crime
is that this one nah [ __ ] I told this
all wrong
quick history lesson this all started
when the Joker and I broke up
it was completely usual and soon enough
I was back on my feet ready to embrace
the fierce goddess within it's oh so now
that I cut ties with mr. J I'm about to
learn that a lot of people want me dead
uh alone at the top of that list
is this guy
but it turns out I wasn't the only
daemon got them looking for emancipation
robbed him you've betrayed him
you killed his BFF what you are so cool
you know you're dumb enough to be
building a case against him so unless we
all wanna die
very unpleasant death we're gonna have
to work together
sure
psychologically speaking vengeance
rarely brings the catharsis we hope for
yeah are we ready
oh [ __ ] is that a hyena in a battle
named him Braves after that hunky Wang
guy zone away from him dude fun to be
scared sometimes huh it's bad it's just
a dog
it's pretty violent I understand that
some of youth behaviour would be
upsetting but I urge you to find a place
where he feels safe I think it would be
good for him good for all of us
oh my goodness they get out almost be
the very nose ooh I did
[Music]
and it's like he was broken before and
put back together who's this handsome
chap Brahms
how'd you come up with that he tells me
all sorts of things okay I just think
it's all a little bit creepy is this
your new friend Brahms what are some of
the things you talk about the other
families he's lensless gonna take this
all away from him yes it's just always
that first something is happening to him
he knew your boy would find him
[Music]
louia mommy I love you
[Applause]
[Music]
hey check it out we're here welcome to
key house I could never get your father
to talk about his life here my kids need
a home does it have to be this one
[Music]
yes
James is filled with amazing teas
they whisper you heard that
[Applause]
[Music]
holy crap
cuz I knew this possible
[Music]
this isn't a game we don't know what
these Keys unlock
meeow meeow you have no idea what's
coming
there is a crazy evil thing who wants
these keys
[Music]
these aren't toys
weapons
these keys
there are legacy
there's something I can access with dad
in the past it's always with us
you ready try it on way
it's always there
[Music]
whatever you think you understand about
those keys you don't
do you know why you're here to me
mistakes for me just so you know
whatever you share with me in this room
stays in this room this is a safe space
start all bugs bugs listening devices Oh
No
greetings fellow humans what you are
about to see is a historical record of
my life as a detective I live in the
shadow of this water tower in Portland
Oregon a place where things get strange
I am the CEO of my own detective agency
he's so fascinating I could show you
around the precinct sometime
I don't collaborate with law enforcement
okay I have a partner that's cold who's
that his name is total he's a 1500 pound
to pull a bear whoa are you serious
mother not now Timmy the failure mobile
commands the respect of others it
belongs to my mother who won it in a
church brothel it was the key to my
success until it was stolen
[Music]
mistakes for me finding the failure
mobile is now our top priority he's
fired up today I know I'm so excited
I need help you always get me into
trouble can I help you your life is big
originally
weird if you love what you do you have
to fight for it
mother I need more office space
my name is failure
failure
the name is misleading because I am
anything but I am only concerned this
one say
freaks
mistakes for me
[Music]
so tell me about what did you see
nothing madam what did you see in the
image ooh you know what the Germans do
to the Jews
I thought we were safe under the lanyard
no we always said if we ever got
separated we would meet a gram
yourselves I'm staying till onions some
people collect coins stamps we collect
enemies of the Reich children Jewish
children
Benjamin gets them across the mountains
into Spain they're safe there let's just
keep this a secret though German
soldiers during the village papers must
be carries at all times
the patrols will take place around the
border make sure that no screen Jew
crosses those mountains into Spain those
with secrets rest assured we will come
to your door
[Music]
under the line hands getting close
mentioned
if the time comes I'll be taking one of
them with me
when can Benjamin take them they'll
never get them busted butthole there's
always a price to be paid
you may have a desk we saw be but I
don't dare invaders never forget that
your monster the searching houses
I'm not leaving you
we've got to get the children to cross
the border we can make it
[Music]
one day Anya will be one of those
children I'll never give up hope
you